{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat2\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat3\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid302\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat5\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat6\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat7\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}
{\list\listtemplateid8\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat8\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid701\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid8}
{\list\listtemplateid9\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat9\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid801\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid9}
{\list\listtemplateid10\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat10\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid901\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid10}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}{\listoverride\listid8\listoverridecount0\ls8}{\listoverride\listid9\listoverridecount0\ls9}{\listoverride\listid10\listoverridecount0\ls10}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx1170\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs20 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Legal Disclaimer\
And\
\pard\tx1170\pardeftab720\sa300\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Terms of Use\
\pard\tx20\tx1190\tx6660\pardeftab720\li1170\fi-1170\sa150\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Use of Haven Protocol Wallet\
\pard\tx1170\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 The Haven Protocol Wallet Application (the "Application") allows the use of accessing the Haven Protocol network. You are not authorised, and nor should you rely on the Application for legal advice, business advice, or advice of any kind. You act at your own risk in reliance on the contents of the Application. Should you make a decision to act or not act you should contact a licensed attorney in the relevant jurisdiction in which you want or need help. In no way are the owners of, or contributors to, the Application responsible for the actions, decisions, or other behaviour taken or not taken by you in reliance upon the Application.\
\pard\tx20\tx1190\tx6660\pardeftab720\li1170\fi-1170\sa150\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Translations\
\pard\tx1170\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 The Application may contain translations of the English version of the content available on the Application. These translations are provided only as a convenience. In the event of any conflict between the English language version and the translated version, the English language version shall take precedence. If you notice any inconsistency, please report them on GitHub.\
\pard\tx20\tx1190\tx6660\pardeftab720\li1170\fi-1170\sa150\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Risks related to the use of the Application.\
\pard\tx1170\pardeftab720\sa100\partightenfactor0
\cf2 The Application, the Application\'92s owners, partners, employees, contributors, and any affiliates will not be responsible for any losses, damages or claims arising from events falling within the scope of the following categories:\
\pard\tx20\tx1190\tx7380\pardeftab720\li1170\fi-1170\sa100\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(a) Mistakes made by the user of any Haven Protocol-related software or service (e.g., forgotten, lost or stolen passwords, payments sent to the wrong Haven Protocol addresses, and accidental deletion of wallets).\
\ls4\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(b) Software problems of the Application and/or any Haven Protocol-related software or service (e.g., corrupted wallet file, incorrectly constructed transactions, unsafe cryptographic libraries, malware affecting the Application and/or any Haven Protocol-related software or service).\
\ls4\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(c) Technical failures in the hardware of the user of any Haven Protocol-related software or service (e.g., data loss due to a faulty or damaged storage device).\
\ls4\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(d) Security problems experienced by the user of any Haven Protocol-related software or service (e.g., unauthorised access to users' wallets and/or accounts).\
\pard\tx20\tx1190\tx7380\pardeftab720\li1170\fi-1170\sa300\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(e) Actions or inactions of third parties and/or events experienced by third parties (e.g., bankruptcy of service providers, information security attacks on service providers, and fraud conducted by third parties).\
\pard\tx20\tx1190\tx6660\pardeftab720\li1170\fi-1170\sa150\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Investment risks\
\pard\tx1170\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 The acquisition of tokens on the Haven Protocol network can lead to loss of money over short or even long periods. Holders of tokens on the Haven Protocol network should expect prices to be volatile and have large range fluctuations. \
\pard\tx20\tx1190\tx6660\pardeftab720\li1170\fi-1170\sa150\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	5.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Compliance with tax obligations\
\pard\tx1170\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 The users of the Application are solely responsible to determinate what, if any, taxes apply to their Haven Protocol transactions. The owners of, or contributors to, the Application are not responsible for determining the taxes that apply to Haven Protocol transactions.\
\pard\tx20\tx1190\tx6660\pardeftab720\li1170\fi-1170\sa150\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	6.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The Application does not store, send, or receive Haven Protocol tokens\
\pard\tx1170\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 The Application does not store, send or receive Haven Protocol tokens. This is because Haven Protocol exists only by virtue of the ownership record maintained in the Haven Protocol network. Any transfer of title in Haven Protocol tokens occurs within a decentralised Haven Protocol network, and not on the Application.\
\pard\tx20\tx1190\tx6660\pardeftab720\li1170\fi-1170\sa150\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	7.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
No representations or warranties\
\pard\tx1170\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 The Application is provided on an "as is" basis without any representations or warranties of any kind regarding the Application and/or any content, data, materials and/or services provided on the Application.\
\pard\tx20\tx1190\tx6660\pardeftab720\li1170\fi-1170\sa150\partightenfactor0
\ls8\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	8.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Limitation of liability\
\pard\tx1170\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 In no event shall the owners of, or contributors to, the Application be liable for any damages of any kind, including, but not limited to, loss of use, loss of profits, or loss of data arising out of or in any way connected with the use of the Application. Users of the Application use the Application at their own risk.\
\pard\tx20\tx1190\tx6660\pardeftab720\li1170\fi-1170\sa150\partightenfactor0
\ls9\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	9.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Arbitration\
\pard\tx1170\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 The user of the Application agrees to arbitrate any dispute arising from or in connection with the Application or this disclaimer, except for disputes related to copyrights, logos, trademarks, trade names, trade secrets or patents.\
\pard\tx20\tx1190\tx6660\pardeftab720\li1170\fi-1170\sa150\partightenfactor0
\ls10\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	10.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Last amendment\
\pard\tx1170\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 This disclaimer was amended for the last time on August 5, 2018\
}